From this valley they tell me you're leaving. I will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile,
For you take with you all of the sunshine That has lightened my path for a while. Do you think of the home you are leaving
Of the parents so kind and so true?
Do you think of the fond heart your breaking?
Of the girl who has loved you so too?
Just come sit there a while ere you leave me.
Do not hasten to bid me adieu.
Just remember the bright Sherman valley And the girl who has loved you so true.
For a long time I've waited, my darling
For the sweet word you never would say. And at last my fond heart now is breaking For they tell me you're going away.
When you go from the scenes of this valley And they tell me your journey is through
Just remember the bright Sherman Valley And the girl who has loved you so true.
Just consider what ere you leave me. Do not hasten to bid me adieu. Just remember the bright Sherman Valley
And a girl who has loved you so true.